Problem Statement:

You are given a deck containing N cards.  While holding the deck facedown:

1. Deal all the cards facedown onto a table into Y piles like you would if you were playing with a group of people 
(i.e. card 1 to P1, card 2 to P2, ..., card Y to PY, card Y + 1 to P1, etc).
2. Combine all the piles into a deck by placing P1 onto P2, then P1+P2 onto P3, and so on. This is a round.
3. Pick up the deck from the table and repeat steps 1-2 until the deck is in the original order.
4. For each round, vary the pile count according to a repeating pattern. Start with 3 piles, then 4, then 5, then loop back to 3, then 4 and so on.
	
Write a program to determine how many rounds it will take to put a deck back into the original order. 
This will involve creating a data structure to represent the order of the cards. 
Do not use an array. This program should be written in C only. 
It should take a number of cards in the deck as a command line argument and write the result to stdout. 
Please ensure the program compiles and runs correctly (no pseudo-code).  This isn't a trick question; it should be fairly straightforward.

Bonus: Output how many rounds should be completed before the deck is adequately shuffled from the original deck for a person,
who is casually playing a game with cards. Provide your methodology in a comment block.

Assumptions Made:
    - There is no shuffling of the cards in between any of the rounds, until the deck is restored back to its original order.
    - Card shuffling is permitted only before or after the rounds are finished and deck is back to its original order.
    - All N cards are distributed among all the people i.e. no card is left behind on the table.
    - Since number of people can vary, not every person may get equal number of cards.
        i.e. if we have 10 cards and 4 people, 2 people get 3 cards each, and 2 people get 2 cards each. (Distributing 1 card each in round robit fashion.)
    - Cards being held by each person, are not swapped with other person holding cards / are not passed around. Everyone holds their cards and returns them,
      in the order they were given to each person, to conclude the round.
    - Cards are not shuffled by the person holding the cards. The person holding cards, maintains the order of cards in the way it was received.

Algorithm notes:
    - Shuffle cards to create a random order.
    - Store this random order to compare the cards against.
    - 
